Fix image render in `q.md` entry (#591)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/tags/terms/q/q.md

</p>
```

> ![Example of what the rendered text would look like](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/9b981e784a4869f6e903f4be2b5c3bd0ab724424/media/q.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Example of what the rendered text would look like](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/media/q.jpg)
```

Author: Isn't that pointing to the page with the image as opposed to the image itself?

Author: This is what I'm getting when I try that:

<img width="609" alt="Screen Shot 2022-03-04 at 1 11 26 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23144845/156818718-3859dfb8-8e88-490e-a916-702b3f34d968.png">

Reviewer: what about: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/q.jpg

Author: That works! 😄
